web/* /usr/share/websites/addrnodeimport/www
config/addrnodeimport.conf /etc/
config/addrnodeimport-site.conf /etc/apache2/sites-available/
sh/addrnodeimport_make_sql_backup /usr/bin/
sh/addrnodeimport_import_sql_backup /usr/bin/
python/update_on_request.py /usr/lib/addrnodeimport/python
python/updatetime.py /usr/lib/addrnodeimport/python
python/upload_on_request_new.py /usr/lib/addrnodeimport/python
python/doall.py /usr/lib/addrnodeimport/python
python/mypasswords.py /usr/lib/addrnodeimport/python
python/addrnodeimport /usr/bin
python/update_all.sh /usr/lib/addrnodeimport/sh
python/uploadmunip_new.py /usr/lib/addrnodeimport/python
python/kommunenummer.py /usr/lib/addrnodeimport/python
python/deletenotmatchednodes.py /usr/lib/addrnodeimport/python
python/donextstep.py /usr/lib/addrnodeimport/python
python/sosiaddr.py /usr/lib/addrnodeimport/python
python/rest_simple_fetch.py /usr/lib/addrnodeimport/python
data/municipality_borders.tar.gz /usr/share/addrnodeimport
data/osm/* /usr/share/addrnodeimport/municipality_borders/
python/kartverketadresser.lua /usr/share/addrnodeimport
perl/osm2poly.pl /usr/lib/addrnodeimport/perl
xml/corrections.xml /usr/share/addrnodeimport
sh/trigger_update.sh /usr/lib/addrnodeimport/sh
python/uploadall_between.py /usr/lib/addrnodeimport/python
